pkfile(1)		    General Commands Manual		     pkfile(1)



NAME
       pkfile - a program to display and work on PKCS files.


SYNOPSIS
       pkfile [OPTIONS]... [FILE]


DESCRIPTION
       pkfile  displays or extracts the content of DER encoded data. When dis‐
       playing it, it is in a hierarchical, tree-like way. DER stands for Dis‐
       tinguished  Encoding  Rules.  There  is	a page on Wikipedia to have an
       overview of DER, see https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/X.690#DER_encoding

       Otherwise the detailed specifications of DER encoding are here:
	      http://www.itu.int/ITU-T/studygroups/com17/lan‐
	      guages/X.690-0207.pdf

       pkfile can read PEM encoded files and can also decrypt it as needed.
	      pkfile  will detect the encoding used and manage input as appro‐
	      priate, unless option -f is used.

OPTIONS
       If FILE is not specified, read the standard input.

       -v --version
	      Display version information and exit.

       -V, --verbose
	      Be more talkative.

       -l, --level n
	      Limit hierarchical display to depth n.

       --offset
	      Display file offset in output,  before  each  sequence  or  data
	      block.

       --flat Display content without tree-like hierarchical structure.

       -p, --password pwd
	      Set password to pwd when decrypting a PEM encoded input.

       -x, --extract
	      Instead  of displaying input content, output the binary content.
	      If used with PEM encoded inputs, it turns pkfile into a  PEM  to
	      DER  converter.  If used along with option -n, it will extract a
	      sub-part of input.

       -f, --inform pem|der
	      Enforce (instead of auto-detection) the input format. Either pem
	      or der.

       -n, --node node
	      Display (or extract with option -x) only the node n. In the reg‐
	      ular output (without -x option), nodes are displayed before each
	      sequence	or  block of data. They are made of integers separated
	      by a dot, as in 1.3.1

       -N, --node-open node
	      Take the data content of node as the DER encoded input to parse.
	      See description of option -n for the node format.

       -o, --out file
	      Output to file instead of standard output.

       --charset charset
	      For  hierarchical  display,  assume charset to display tree ele‐
	      ments (vertical or horizontal bar and the like). This option  is
	      managed exactly as the one of the tree program.

       --     End of options, the next option is a file.

INITIALIZATION FILES
       None.

ENVIRONMENT VARIABLES
       The following environment variable is processed by pkfile:

       PKFILE_CHARSET
	      Like --charset option.

AUTHOR
       Written by Sébastien Millet <milletseb@laposte.net>.

ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS
       tree   The  characters  output  to display a hierarchical structure are
	      tuned depending on the charset. The code managing it got	copied
	      from tree source, with a few updates.




January 2016			  version 0.1			     pkfile(1)
